Update getting_started.md (#26)
eclipse-sprotty/sprotty-website: hugo/content/docs/getting_started.md

The main steps to integrate Sprotty into our application are as follows:

1. [Set-up](#setting-up-our-application) your application.

> 2. [Define your model](#define-your-model) by creating subclasses of `SModelElement`.

Reviewer: For example here (other parts of the text need to be adapted as well):
```suggestion
2. [Define your model](#define-your-model) by creating sub-interfaces of `SModelElement`.
```

```typescript
import { Container, ContainerModule } from 'inversify';
import { configureModelElement, configureViewerOptions, loadDefaultModules, LocalModelSource, PolylineEdgeView, SEdge, SGraph, SGraphView, SNode, TYPES } from 'sprotty';
import { TaskNodeView } from './views';

export const createContainer = (containerId: string) => {
    const myModule = new ContainerModule((bind, unbind, isBound, rebind) => {
        bind(TYPES.ModelSource).to(LocalModelSource).inSingletonScope();

        const context = { bind, unbind, isBound, rebind };
        configureModelElement(context, 'graph', SGraph, SGraphView);
        configureModelElement(context, 'task', SNode, TaskNodeView);

>         configureModelElement(context, 'edge', SEdge, PolylineEdgeView);

Reviewer: Here we actually need the classes, not the interfaces. `configureModelElement` defines that model element classes should be used for the _internal model_ used in the command stack and viewer.
